TOWA: Soon after we were born,
Kirinmaru's sister Zero
placed the silver‐scale curse
on our mother Rin.
It's a fatal curse
that causes the victim's body
to rot away.
What's more, Zero bound
our mother's life to hers
by a thread of fate,
making it impossible
to kill one
without killing the other.
To save our mother,
we must track down Zero
and sever
their shared thread of fate
before we can defeat her.
With the curse
progressing again,
there's no time to waste!
A Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[wind blowing]
[violin and flute playing]
‐ Rock Bullet!
[laughs]
You must be the half‐demon
daughters of Sesshomaru.
If I take out the two of you,
I will be recognized
as a great demon!
‐ So it finally showed up.
‐ Don't let
your guard down, Towa.
‐ Rock Bullets!
[both grunt]
[flute playing]
‐ [yells]
‐ I'm gonna flatten you...
like a bug!
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Hmm?
‐ [yells]
‐ [grunts]
We did it! We won!
‐ Not yet!
‐ [growls]
[chuckles]
Big mistake.
You just doubled your trouble!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ Eh?
‐ Hey! What the...
‐ [yells]
[both groan]
‐ [rocks crumble]
‐ Damn it.
[rocks crumbling]
‐ Now it's over.
‐ [groans]
‐ [moans]
‐ Eh?
‐ So do you surrender?
‐ Yeah! We surrender!
Definitely!
‐ Don't kill us!
We won't give you any trouble!
Just please stop
pointing that sword at us!
‐ Mm? All right.
‐ Towa, watch out!
‐ Sucker!
‐ Towa!
‐ [sword chimes]
‐ [growls]
[chuckles]
I'm about to go volcanic,
and I'm taking you with me!
‐ [winces]
‐ [laughing]
‐ No!
‐ [yells]
[sighs]
Eh?
‐ Towa.
‐ Yeah?
‐ I think perhaps
it would be better
if you returned
to the other world.
‐ What?
‐ Don't worry.
I will save our mother,
and I can take care
of Kirinmaru by myself.
‐ But I...
‐ [rocks scrape]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ You'll pay for that!
‐ Yeah! We're gonna
go get our boss!
‐ Stay right there!
No running away!
‐ Aw, great.
There are more of 'em?
‐ Slay all the demons
in this area‐‐
that's the mission
we were given.
We can't leave here
until we complete this job
that we've undertaken.
‐ I guess you're right.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Takechiyo's Request."
[birds chirping]
[Takechiyo sighs]
So it's finally happening.
Still, I'm not sure if I
can do this all by myself.
‐ [squawks]
‐ Hmm?
‐ You're telling me
I should find some help?
You might be right.
DEMON: Have you
ever heard the story
of the legendary priestess
who purified the Shikon Jewel
by making the right wish?
‐ Such a horrifying tale.
‐ Don't you agree with us?
‐ Oh, yeah!
She sounds super scary!
‐ They say this legendary
priestess had a daughter,
and word is,
she's been seen around lately.
‐ You don't say.
‐ Yeah, and she calls herself
Moroha the Demon Killer.
‐ Oh, wow!
‐ But she's only
a quarter‐demon.
‐ So she can't be that tough.
‐ Huh?!
‐ Oh, no? Her father's
the half‐demon Inuyasha,
the one
who brought down Naraku.
‐ He did?
‐ This girl sounds like trouble!
‐ Yeah, too scary!
‐ I don't want her coming around
and purifying me!
‐ No! Being purified sounds
like the worst way to die!
‐ [groans] Oh, come on!
[grunts]
Give me a break!
I don't even have
that kind of spirit power!
‐ [gasps]
‐ What the hell?
‐ Who are you?!
‐ [gasps]
Don't tell me you're‐‐you're...
‐ Yeah, I'm Moroha!
That's right, the Demon Killer!
[all scream]
[together] Oh, no!
She's gonna purify us!
‐ Quick, let's get outta here!
‐ [yelling]
‐ Hey, wait!
So that explains it.
It's no wonder I haven't been
able to bag any demons lately.
It's all because of my parents.
And right when I
only need one more ryou
to pay off my debt
to Mr. Jyubei.
‐ TAKECHIYO: Hey, Moroha!
‐ Eh?
‐ I have a job
I wanna hire you for!
‐ When you say "hire" me,
you understand that means
payment, don't you?
‐ I'll pay you one ryou!
‐ You're on!
That's just the amount I need
to clear my debt!
What's the job, anyway?
‐ Ahem.
I want you to be my bodyguard.
‐ Bodyguard?
[music playing]
RIKU: I'm counting on you,
Miss Rion.
Unfortunately, I cannot
show myself before the Madam.
But perhaps seeing
your face again
will be enough to make her
change her mind.
Hello, Aunt Zero.
It's me, Rion, your niece.
[gasps]
‐ That you, Rion?
‐ Aunt Zero! It's been a while.
‐ It can't be.
How did you escape Mount Musubi?
‐ The half‐demons rescued me.
‐ They rescued you?
‐ Lady Setsuna was able
to sever the thread of fate
that held me there by using
her Yukari no Tachikiri.
‐ She severed your fate?
So she's found a weapon
that can channel
the Blood Blade's power.
It would seem
I must hurry, then.
‐ [sighs]
The Kyuyokon root
and the Zanseiken,
I gave them both to Lady Towa.
‐ Rion...
is it your intention, then,
to bring Kirinmaru down?
‐ Yes.
Father is trying to use
the Windmill of Time
to travel beyond
the limits of this realm,
but if he succeeds,
this world will cease to exist.
And that is why I must
do everything to stop him.
‐ You still care for this world
after all the cruelty
it has shown you, Rion?
‐ Aunt Zero, please,
will you help me
stop Kirinmaru?
‐ I no longer trouble myself
with my brother's affairs.
[chuckles] But...
since it's
my dear niece's request,
I will consider it.
‐ [sighs]
‐ Even in that puppet body,
it was good to see you again
one last time.
‐ [gasps] What do you mean?
‐ [chuckles]
I've finally found the means
of assuring my survival
to the very end.
[Rion gasps]
‐ Give Riku this message for me.
Tell him
that the next time we meet,
it will be when
his dear Lady Towa dies.
‐ No! Wait!
[waves lapping]
[footsteps shuffling]
‐ Welcome back, Miss Rion.
How did it go?
‐ [sighs]
‐ [gasps]
The Madam really said that?!
RION: Aunt Zero is just like me.
Time has stopped for her,
and she hasn't been able to
move on for hundreds of years.
We must free her
from her suffering.
‐ Yes, of course.
But for now, we must hurry
and find Lady Towa.
[flute playing]
TOWA: Why did Setsuna say that?
Does she hate
being with me that much?
Even after
all this time together,
it seems she still can't
think of me as her sister.
[blade whooshing]
‐ [yells]
‐ You can't protect Lady Towa.
You're just
not good enough yet.
‐ [sighs]
He's right. I'm not.
[birds chirping]
[footsteps shuffling]
‐ Uncle Kohaku.
‐ Hmm?
So did Gyokuto already tell you?
‐ Yes. Something about a request
from the leader of
the demon slayers in the north?
‐ Their leader is the one
who trained me
to become a demon slayer.
‐ Hard to believe
there was ever a time
when you were in training.
‐ Of course there was.
‐ So what is he requesting?
‐ Our help
in a large‐scale expedition.
‐ Will Setsuna and Towa
be coming along?
They seem to have
their hands full at the moment.
‐ They could be of help,
so I'd like to take them
with us if we can.
‐ On the opposite side
of Mount Hakone,
you'll see Mamiana Island.
‐ And you say this island
is the place you were born
and grew up in?
‐ Yup, that's right.
‐ Man! No offense,
but I never would've guessed
that you're the young lord
of the famous raccoon dog
demon clan, the Mamidaira.
‐ Well, "the ex‐young‐lord"
would be a bit more accurate.
‐ Yeah, well, not for long!
Just 'cause you got forced out
on account of some family feud,
that doesn't mean
you have to live with it!
You just leave everything
to me, Takechiyo!
I'll bring those evil elders
to their knees
and get you restored to your
rightful position in no time!
‐ [groans]
‐ [playing flute]
‐ [whooshing]
‐ Huh?
That sound.
[grunts]
What the...
Hiraikotsu?
‐ [grunts] Sorry about that.
I scare you?
‐ [angry] Very funny!
That was dangerous, Hisui!
‐ I just wanted to confirm that
my uncle was right, and he was.
Towa, you really don't know
how to avoid a fight
by backing down
or running, do you?
‐ Hey! I thought
I did pretty well just now!
KOHAKU: That's dodging,
not running.
You refuse to run, yet you
leave yourself open to attack.
‐ I gotta agree.
‐ What?
HISUI: You're unable to see
the thread of fate at will?
SETSUNA: No.
I am still lacking
in skill and awareness.
Until I master this naginata,
I can't save my mother, Rin,
from the curse.
‐ To truly master a weapon,
you must first learn
to trust your weapon.
‐ Trust my weapon?
‐ Yes. It's what
my mother told me,
to trust Hiraikotsu and
to strengthen my bond with it.
But it's not something
that's easily done overnight.
Setsuna, being a demon slayer
gives you the opportunity
of mastering it.
So just look at it
as something to work on
through experience in battle.
‐ [grunts]
Strengthen my bond with it.
I see.
‐ [seabird calling]
‐ [Moroha sighs]
The air's so clean and fresh!
‐ Boy that flight was long.
I'm exhausted!
‐ Wow.
So that's Mamiana Island, huh?
‐ Yeah, and that high point
is where
the Mamidaira Clan's castle is
and the Full Moon
Raccoon Dog Tower.
‐ Well, that's good to know,
I guess.
‐ [bird squawks]
‐ Huh?
‐ Young Lord!
Master Takechiyo!
‐ Who's that?
‐ [squawks]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [chirps]
‐ This is my trusted elder,
Hachiemon,
and my vassal, Takamaru.
‐ [squawks]
‐ Young Lord!
How wonderful that you
have returned at last!
‐ It's been a while, hasn't it?
‐ And this young lady with you?
‐ I hired her to help us out.
Meet Moroha the Demon Killer!
‐ Yo!
‐ What?! No way!
‐ Huh?
‐ When I think of how long
it's been, Lady Moroha...
‐ Wha?
‐ Huh?
‐ [questioning squawk]
‐ Your father and mother
entrusted you to my keeping
when you were but an infant.
And it was none other
than myself, Hachi,
who escorted you
to the Wolf‐Demon Tribe.
‐ Oh, so you did that? Really?
Hey, wait a second!
Are you telling me
that you actually knew
my mom and dad?!
‐ Oh, yes.
Your parents
were truly fine people.
‐ [gasps]
So they're dead?
‐ Well, I actually didn't
witness it with my own eyes,
But it was Kirinmaru and
Sesshomaru they were facing,
and considering there's
been no sign of your parents
ever since,
it seems likely that they...
‐ So when I saw
the two of them...
that was the afterlife?
[no audible dialogue]
[shuddering]
[nervous chuckle]
What's wrong? Why so glum?
‐ You sure
you're still up for this?
‐ Well, of course she is,
Young Lord.
You made the right choice in
hiring Lady Moroha to help you.
After all,
it was her mother's arrow
that originally sealed away
the evil Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
‐ It was? Really?
‐ My mom did that?
‐ That's right, and now
that we have the daughter
of Lady Kagome on our side,
we have nothing to fear!
Our victory is guaranteed.
‐ Well, not to boast
or anything, but I agree.
‐ That's the spirit!
‐ So when do we start?
‐ [squawks]
[chain whooshing]
‐ Towa!
Ready to go another round?
‐ Yes, please!
‐ Attack!
‐ [yells]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Now choose quickly, Towa!
‐ [grunts]
[yells]
[gasps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ All right, I give up.
‐ You should have avoided it.
‐ Fighting against
a sickle and chain,
it's tougher than I thought.
‐ That's not it.
‐ Huh?
‐ As I said,
your one true weakness
is your refusal to even consider
retreating as an option.
‐ But retreating is... [sighs]
‐ You think it's
somehow shameful to run.
I don't know
what happened in the past,
but I think,
deep in your heart,
there's a regret for having
run away from something.
‐ A regret for having
run away from something?
‐ Back when I was very young,
I traveled around
with all sorts of people.
But there were only two I met
who never backed down
from anyone,
Lord Sesshomaru and Lady Kikyo.
They always stood tall,
with dignity.
They were unassailable.
When I watch you fight,
Towa, you look so...
reckless, I worry.
‐ [gasps]
‐ As you are a daughter
of Lord Sesshomaru,
you have many enemies,
and your life
will often be threatened.
So don't be ashamed.
Sometimes it's all right
to run away, Towa.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I've decided to only take
Setsuna on this expedition.
‐ [sighs]
‐ For the time being,
focus on the work
you're doing here.
‐ Yes, sir.
But please,
take care of Setsuna.
[insects chirping]
MOROHA: So that's
the castle, huh?
Wait. What's that weird thing
floating over there?
‐ Where?
Oh, that's a sentinel eye.
‐ What happens if it spots us?
‐ Every guard in the castle
will attack us at once.
‐ Well, then we should
plan some kind of strategy
and come back.
HACHIEMON: Maybe we should.
MOROHA: Hell no!
Sometimes you just gotta roll
the dice and hope for the best!
So come on!
Charge!
[gasps]
Hey!
What the heck?!
How come I can't move
all of a sudden?!
‐ [alarm rattling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Uh‐oh.
‐ Moroha!
‐ Intruders!
‐ Seize them!
Seize them!
‐ We're in the shit now!
[flute playing]
‐ Towa...
tomorrow I set off,
bound for the land of snow
near the northern sea.
‐ [grunts]
And I'll stay here and try...
not to be a burden.
‐ Be careful, Towa.
‐ Yeah, you too.
‐ You don't have to hold
my hand, you know.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [rumbling]
[Towa gasps]
‐ Now you're gonna get it!
‐ Yeah, half‐demons!
‐ Time to pay for what
you did to our friend!
‐ Show 'em who's boss, Boss!
[all yelp]
[both gasp]
‐ I heard
you turned one of my crew
into a pile of pebbles!
TOWA: Guess we'll have
to take on the big boss now.
SETSUNA: Yes.
‐ Not just him!
‐ Yeah! Us too!
Let's rock!
‐ [roars]
Huh?
[roars]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Towa!
Dodge it! Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
‐ [groans]
[yelps]
‐ [yelling]
[gasps]
[yelps]
‐ Towa! [gasps]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [groans]
‐ He was right.
The Chief was right.
‐ [laughs]
I'll burn you down,
Half‐Demon Princesses!
‐ It's true.
What they said about me is true!
‐ Huh?
[groaning]
‐ Towa?
[rock fiend moaning]
[stirring music playing]
[dragons roar]
‐ Twin Azure Dragon Wave!
‐ [groaning]
‐ Towa!
‐ I'm always using Setsuna
as an excuse
for my own weakness.
I've been so blind,
so selfish!
‐ Lady Towa.
‐ Her Ladyship is no protector.
No...
she is in fact
someone to be protected.
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
SETSUNA: I'm not very good
at showing empathy
towards other people.
Can a heart like mine
ever learn
to be truly compassionate
and feel sorrow for others?
This hand cream Towa gave me
helps soothe my ice‐cold hands.
Huh? Who is that child?
Next time on Yashahime:
"Nanahoshi's Mini Galaxy."
Zero's heart
has no tears to shed.